News Reporter: Hello. This is Charles Richards from Channel 7 News, and we're down here, uh, at the City Mall, interviewing people on how they celebrate Christmas. And, uh, hi young lady. What is your name?
Young Girl: Elizabeth Carter.
News Reporter: And, uh, Elizabeth, uh. How does your family celebrate Christmas?
Young Girl: We go??sledding, and we go over to my grandparents' house and have dinner with them.
News Reporter: Well, that is great, and let me ask this young man. Hi, what is your name? [<i>Johnny.</i>] And Johnny, how old are you?
Johnny: Five.
News Reporter: And, uh, does your family eat anything??particular??for Christmas?
Johnny: Turkey . . .
News Reporter: And what does Christmas mean to you?
Young Girl: Going to my grandma's and making their breakfast.
News Reporter: Going to grandma's and making breakfast. And let me ask another young man. Hi, what is your name? [<i>Steven.</i>] Okay, and Steven, what does Christmas mean to you?
Steven: Giving but not expecting to get.
News Reporter: Now, that's kind of hard for a young man like yourself. What does that mean: Giving by not expecting?
Steven: Well, one thing that we do is secret giving.
News Reporter: Secret giving? Now how does that work in your family?
Steven: We??sneak? up to the??porch??of somebody that we want to give to, we put the gift that we want to give to them, ring the doorbell, and??hide.
News Reporter: Ring the doorbell and hide? Uh, so you're not expecting something; you just want to be??generous??to someone else. Is that right?
Steven: Yeah. That's correct.
News Reporter: And let's interview one more. And, uh, how do you celebrate Christmas? What is the best thing about Christmas and what does it mean to you?
Child: It means getting off from school!
News Reporter: Getting off from school?! Do you all feel that way?
Group of Children: Yeah!!
Young Girl: Because I hate homework.
News Reporter: Yeah. Well, that all here from the City Mall. Channel 7 reporting.
